# Final Project

## App Idea, Users, Functionality, Reasoning
I would like to create a web application that is similar to Quizlet/ Duolingo. I plan to have three levels for three different languages: Korean, Japanese, and Russian. Therefore, someone who wants to start learning one or more of these three languages could be a potential user. Each level would have two parts: Learning and Testing. The first part of L1 and L2 would be more Quizlet styled. The users would learn the letters of the alphabet (L1) and some vocabulary (L2) by flipping through Q-cards. Hopefully I can learn how to integrate sound bites so that the users can hear how to pronounce the letters and words. The first part of L3 would be an explanation of how simple sentences are constructed in that language. The second part of each level would be the user testing themselves on their knowledge. In the second part of L3 the user would have the choice to type in or drag words to write out the simple sentences. I am interested in this idea because I would like to learn Korean and Japanese myself and I would like to help other people who speak English to learn how to read in Russian as well. This would be an easy and stress free way for people to dip their toes in and see if they want to learn more. It would be more of an introduction to each language rather than a full learning platform like Duolingo.

## Possible Data Model and UI 
My app would incorporate a database to hold the information about each user (their name, email, score for each language, etc.), the letters in each language and their corressponding letter(s) in English, and vocabulary in the same way. I think that since I will try making this for three different languages then I willl need separate tables for each language's letters and vocabulary. My plans for the UI are to make it clean and simple for the user to understand and intuitively use. The first thing they would see would be an intro page that would ask them which language they would like to learn and then, after selecting one of the languages, they would be transferred over to L1 of that language. Since people of all levels can use this app I would make all 3 levels accessible from the beginning for each language so that if someone is already comfortable with the alphabet then they can skip that level. Before they start the level, they will be asked in a pop-up if they would like to make an account and if they choose to do so then they will enter their information so that there progress can be stored in the database. For the learning part of each level I would have clickable Q-cards in the center so that the user can flip through them easily. The second part of the levels would have a similar feel but this time they would have a selection of possible answers that they need to select to check if they remember what they learned in part one. 
